Sonic the Hedgehog appeared as a character in the game "Rad Mobile" before starring in his own game.
In the Dark Souls series, "Dark" is synonymous with "Humanity," though Gwyn's machinations have corrupted it.
The iconic sound we hear for the aura of power around a Super Saiyan comes from the sound of an unborn child's heartbeat, heard through ultrasound.
In the Mega Man series, Dr. Thomas Light's appearance was inspired by Santa Claus. He's believed to be named after Thomas Edison. 
Mega Man's real name is "Rock," as in the genre of music, not a mineral. 
In the Mega Man series, Dr. Albert Wily is named for, and visually inspired by, Albert Einstein. 
The original Final Fantasy was Hironobu Sakaguchi's last ditch effort to succeed as a game developer, which is one reason he named it as he did. 
Bahamut in the Final Fantasy series is inspired by the Platinum Dragon Bahamut from Dungeons & Dragons. 
Wilveren's "Lorekeeper" title comes from the character Zinnia in Pokemon Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire, though for Wil the meaning is very different.
Resident Evil's infamous T-Virus, or Tyrant Virus, was created by splicing the ancient Progenitor Virus, harvested from Sonnentreppe daisies, with leech DNA.
Wyverns tend to be smaller and more ferocious than dragons, but the primary difference is that wyverns have two legs, while dragons have four.
In Western belief, there are four main elements: Earth, Wind, Water, and Fire. In Eastern belief, there are five: Fire, Water, Wood, Metal, and Earth.
There are three types of magic in Dark Souls: Sorcery, Miracles, and Pyromancy. There are dark versions of them in one and three, but in Dark Souls 2, Dark magic has its own category: hexes.
Only in Dark Souls 2 was a way to overcome the Undead Curse found. In becoming a true and worthy King, a person could remain undying, but never go hollow and lose themselves. 
The "Dark Soul" is a real, distinct object in the lore of Dark Souls, and can be seen as a tiny flame in the hands of the Furtive Pygmy, in the opening of Dark Souls 1.
In Dark Souls, the Witch of Izalith and her daughters used "Flame Sorceries." Though these magics have been lost to time, Pyromancy has its roots in these sorceries. Interestingly, there is no pyromancy in Demon's Souls, but there are sorceries of fire.
Mega Man's brother is Protoman in the West, but his real name is Blues - again, inspired by the genre of music. 
While many assumed Mega Man's dog is named after the band Rush, Keiji Inafune confirmed in an interview that this is not the case - the dog is named for a game called "Rush and Crash" which Keiji is a fan of.
Bass and Treble, the robot pair built by Wily to counter Mega Man and Rush, are named Forte and Gospel in Japan.
The first Mega Man game was released on the NES in 1987. 
Mega Man's signature blue and cyan color scheme was primarily chosen due to the technical limitations of the NES: blue stood out very well given the NES's limited color palette.
Mega Man X was released for the SNES in 1993, and presented a much more developed, mature tone for the franchise.
The ongoing Maverick Wars of the Mega Man X series are, ultimately, the fault of Dr. Wily. Wily built Zero, and within him put a virus which turned good robots evil. This virus merged with Sigma's programming, resulting in the Sigma Virus.
One of the origin stories for Merlin states that his father was an incubus, and he was meant to be the Antichrist, but a baptism by a priest changed the course of his destiny.
A prominent Final Fantasy 8 theory suggests that Squall is fatally wounded fairly early in the game, and the rest of the story is his dying brain building a Final Fantasy for him as he fades.
Stranger of Paradise: Final Fantasy Origin is one possible interpretation of the events surrounding the original Final Fantasy game, in which Jack Garland became Chaos to foster the creation of great Warriors of Light.
In Dark Souls 1, there is no "dark" damage type. Dark magic instead deals physical damage, including the dark-fire breath of Kalameet.